com/example/psycho_test/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.psycho_test.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/psycho_test/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 com.example.psycho_test.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
com/example/psycho_test/ui/notifications/NotificationsFragment.java
 com.example.psycho_test.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment
 com.example.psycho_test.ui.notifications.NotificationsFragment$1
com/example/psycho_test/MainActivity.java
 com.example.psycho_test.MainActivity
com/example/psycho_test/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.example.psycho_test.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
com/example/psycho_test/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.psycho_test.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.psycho_test.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/psycho_test/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.psycho_test.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/psycho_test/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.example.psycho_test.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/example/psycho_test/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.psycho_test.BuildConfig
com/example/psycho_test/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.psycho_test.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 com.example.psycho_test.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
com/example/psycho_test/databinding/ActivityMain2Binding.java
 com.example.psycho_test.databinding.ActivityMain2Binding
com/example/psycho_test/databinding/FragmentNotificationsBinding.java
 com.example.psycho_test.databinding.FragmentNotificationsBinding
com/example/psycho_test/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.example.psycho_test.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 com.example.psycho_test.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
com/example/psycho_test/ui/notifications/NotificationsViewModel.java
 com.example.psycho_test.ui.notifications.NotificationsViewModel
com/example/psycho_test/MainActivity2.java
 com.example.psycho_test.MainActivity2
 com.example.psycho_test.MainActivity2$1
com/example/psycho_test/ui/dashboard/DashboardFragment.java
 com.example.psycho_test.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment
 com.example.psycho_test.ui.dashboard.DashboardFragment$1
com/example/psycho_test/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.psycho_test.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/psycho_test/ui/dashboard/DashboardViewModel.java
 com.example.psycho_test.ui.dashboard.DashboardViewModel
com/example/psycho_test/databinding/FragmentDashboardBinding.java
 com.example.psycho_test.databinding.FragmentDashboardBinding
com/example/psycho_test/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.example.psycho_test.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/example/psycho_test/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.psycho_test.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/psycho_test/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.example.psycho_test.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/example/psycho_test/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.example.psycho_test.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
